Added SourceXpress APIs support and AWG defects fix. (#255)
tektronix/tm_devices: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

- Support for SourceXpress to AWG70KA, AWG70KB and AWG7K models.

### Fixed

> - Fixed APIs with write and query accepting arguments for AWG70KA and AWG70KB models drivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed APIs with writes and queries accepting arguments for AWG70KA and AWG70KB models drivers.
```

## Unreleased

> - Things to be included in the next release go here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Things to be included in the next release go here.
```
